She ain't gonna say nothing to me when I see her tomorrow.
we're gonna go swimming.
He gonna go to the store.
where she be going at nights.
I nc nothing.
You bout to tell me shane know what was going on.
So on Friday I have a meeting at 1130 with my boss.
Then after that I got to come to campus because I got a meeting at 2, 30 for Lab, and then we got practice.
3 revives at 5. Then we got a bliss me in.
then Friday night we probably found a train respectfully, because it is Friday night.
Oh, now We're gonna do the yo this is locally helping me because I got to play my whole fucking Friday out.
That's crazy, cause Nick is be stressed.
Oh, okay, I so so I was a replaced today, and boy can't go be like a brother.
Let's hit this little spike i'm like but for what you know.
I say It's like a Wednesday night you like red come on, let's go We want to despite you know what I'm saying.
It's popping everything going on library it's a Wednesday.
Now I got it 9 a M. in the morning i'm like run you straight.
Just come on who have fun. I eyes or whatever so we get there, right! they're like followed out for parking like Holy Dialus for parting.
Sorry you know the Gary photos and we get to the dough.
They're like $20 out of dough for me I like $20 for man.
You're like free for women all right dame let me see but anyway, so you know I said, we get there.
We get in, you know. i'm saying it's cool whatever people are just sitting around and doing too much in the you know.
Nice little atmosphere, you know. some people Got the hog the small little bottles and sparklers and stuff like that, you know.
I'll be, you know. Get hype over and stuff like that